[docker][docs]Deploy Sylius with Docker (#14051)
Sylius/Sylius: docs/cookbook/deployment/docker.rst

How to deploy Sylius with Docker?
=================================

The simplest way to deploy your Sylius store with Docker is to use the template provided in the Sylius-Standard ``docker-compose.prod.yml`` configuration file.

.. tip::

    When using a Virtual Private Server (VPS) we recommend having at least 2GB of RAM memory.

1. Install Docker on your VPS
-----------------------------

.. code-block:: bash

    curl -fsSL https://get.docker.com -o get-docker.sh
    sudo sh get-docker.sh

2. Execute Docker Compose Configuration
---------------------------------------

.. code-block:: bash

>     export MYSQL_PASSWORD=SLyPJLaye7

Reviewer: shouldn't it be somehow generated?

Author: It has to be defined by user, but in this fast route of deployment, I had to somehow define it. The root password is randomly generated, but users have to be defined. The ideal scenario states that User would use Managed DB, and the problem would not exist :)

> Deploy Sylius with Docker
> =========================

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
How to deploy Sylius with Docker?
=================================
```

> The simplest way to deploy your Sylius store via Docker is via provided by Sylius-Standard template *docker-compose.prod.yml* configuration file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The simplest way to deploy your Sylius store with Docker is to use the template provided in the Sylius-Standard ``docker-compose.prod.yml`` configuration file.
```

> To do that you need to install `Docker <https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/>`_ first on your VPS and define *MYSQL_PASSWORD* environment.
> Then execute *docker compose -f docker-compose.prod.yml up -d* command in your terminal. The *MYSQL_PASSWORD* env will be automatically
> applied to the rest of the config.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

.. tip::

>     When using a Virtual Private Server (VPS) we recommend having at least 2GB of RAM memory

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    When using a Virtual Private Server (VPS) we recommend having at least 2GB of RAM memory.
```

> Install Docker on your VPS
> --------------------------

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Install Docker on your VPS
-----------------------------
```

.. code-block:: bash

    curl -fsSL https://get.docker.com -o get-docker.sh
    sudo sh get-docker.sh

> Execute Docker Compose Configuration
> ------------------------------------

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Execute Docker Compose Configuration
---------------------------------------
```

.. code-block:: bash

    export MYSQL_PASSWORD=SLyPJLaye7
    docker compose -f docker-compose.prod.yml up -d

.. tip::

    Deploying database on the same machine as application is not best practice. **Use Managed Database solution instead.**

> .. note::
> 
>     `Check out Docker learning recommendations! <https://docs.docker.com/get-started/resources/#self-paced-online-learning>`_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Learn more
----------

* `Check out Docker learning recommendations! <https://docs.docker.com/get-started/resources/#self-paced-online-learning>`_
```
